docs(code): add Approval modes page for classifier-backed Auto mode (#4993)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/code/configuration.mdx

    Enable verbose debug logging to a file. Accepts `1`, `true`, `yes`, `on` (case-insensitive) as enabled; `0`, `false`, `no`, `off`, empty string, or unset disables it. When enabled, the per-session server log file is preserved on shutdown and its path is printed to stderr for triage.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="DEEPAGENTS_CODE_EXPERIMENTAL" type="string" post={["optional"]}>

>     Opt into experimental, unstable Deep Agents Code behavior. Set to `1` (or any truthy value) to enable the classifier-backed [Auto approval mode](/oss/deepagents/code/approval-modes). Auto falls back to Manual when this is unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Opt into experimental, unstable Deep Agents Code behavior. Set to `1` (or any truthy value) to enable experimental features. Auto falls back to Manual when this is unset.
```

Reviewer: Changed; original copy isn't durable

Reviewer 2: The second sentence then would need a link, otherwise the context is a bit unclear

Reviewer: Hmmm I agree - but we don't have a dedicated page detailing experimental features - I guess because they're transient? Worth a stub of a page?

how do you recommend we handle this? Thanks for taking a look.
